Release 1.12.0 (#1221)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

> ##  v1.12.0 (05/07/2020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  v1.12.0 (03/06/2021)
```

**Common**

> * Changed the `DiskCache` implementation. Now, it passes the provided `olp::cache::CacheSettings::enforce_immediate_flush` flag to `leveldb::WriteOptions::sync`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the `olp::cache::DiskCache` implementation. Now, it passes the provided `olp::cache::CacheSettings::enforce_immediate_flush` flag to `leveldb::WriteOptions::sync`.
```

* Added a new CMake option `OLP_SDK_ENABLE_DEFAULT_CACHE`. The flag disables the LevelDB and Snappy dependencies and the default cache implementation.
* Added a new LevelDB environment. The new environment overrides the random access file; by this, we disable mmap system calls, which saves the runtime memory on mobile platforms.
* Changed the cache `Remove` and `RemoveKeysWithPrefix` API to consider protected keys, i.e., the keys and values are not removed when protected.
* Fixed a crash during the compaction API call when there is no disk cache present.
* Fixed the race condition in iOS networking.

> * Added a new `olp::cache::DefaultCache::StorageOpenResult::ProtectedCacheCorrupted` status. The status returned when the protected cache failed to open.

Reviewer 2: Status was added but actual returning was reverted so for now it kinda unused

Author: Not used now. I think it's worth to mention

* Fixed the issue when provided `olp::cache::OpenOptions` in `olp::cache::CacheSettings` are ignored by the mutable cache.
* Change the log level for a few repetitive and unimportant log messages from `INFO` to `DEBUG`.
* Break the cycling dependency in the Android network implementation (HttpClient.java).
* Extend the `olp::client::DefaultRetryCondition` to take into account `IO_ERROR`, `OFFLINE_ERROR`, `TIMEOUT_ERROR`, `NETWORK_OVERLOAD_ERROR` errors, and treat them as retriable.

> * Changed the size estimation of the protected cache; instead of traversing the whole `leveldb`, we get the cache size on disk.

Author: Protected

> * Changed the size estimation of the protected cache; instead of traversing the whole `leveldb`, we get the cache size on disk.

Reviewer: I cannot remember that we ever did iterate and sum-up for the protected cache size. The change done in #1215 is for the mutable cache in case the max size is -1.

* Fixed the cache opening sequence. When the mutable cache failed to open - the error is returned.
* Added handling of the `NSURLErrorDataNotAllowed` on iOS as OFFLINE_ERROR.
* Added handling of the `NSURLErrorNetworkConnectionLost` on iOS as IO_ERROR.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

* Fixed the usage of the same nonce for authentication retry requests. Now all auth requests generate a new unique nonce.

> * Added a new `SignInApple` API. It used to sign in to the HERE platform using Apple Id.

Reviewer: Should we already mark it as GA? We did not even test it properly. I would say we should still keep it as **Work in progress**

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Reduce the quadtree index requests in the Prefetch API.

Reviewer: Which prefetch API? Please add namespace, class, method.

> * Added a merging for the exact concurrent quadtree index requests in the Prefetch API.

Reviewer: Same

> * Added a new API to `Protect/Release` for partitions; it works the same way as the API for tiles.

Reviewer: Same

> * Added storage for NamedMutex instances; by this, we eliminate the usage of global static variables.

Reviewer: Please mark classes properly and add namespaces.

> * Added a new `olp::client::ErrorCode::CacheIO` error. The error occurs once the cache failed to store the download data.

Reviewer 2: This is true only for PrefetchTiles/Partitions API

> * Added the `olp::client::ErrorCode::CacheIO` error. The error occurs when the cache fails to store the download data, implemented only for `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient::PrefetchPartitions` APIs.

Reviewer 2: VersionedLayerClient too

##  v1.12.0 (03/06/2021)

**Common**

* Changed the `olp::cache::DiskCache` implementation. Now, it passes the provided `olp::cache::CacheSettings::enforce_immediate_flush` flag to `leveldb::WriteOptions::sync`.
* Added a new CMake option: `OLP_SDK_ENABLE_DEFAULT_CACHE`. The flag disables the LevelDB and Snappy dependencies and the default cache implementation. The `olp::cache::KeyValueCache` interface is still available for the user to implement his cache.
* Added a new custom LevelDB environment implementation. It overrides the random access file API disabling the excessive memory mapping, which led to huge memory spikes on mobile platforms.
* Changed the cache `olp::cache::DefaultCache::Remove` and `olp::cache::DefaultCache::RemoveKeysWithPrefix` APIs to consider protected keys, which means that the keys and values are not removed when protected.

> * Fixed the crash that occurred inside `olp::cache::DefaultCache::Compact` in case there was no disk cache present.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fixed the crash that occurred inside `olp::cache::DefaultCache::Compact` when there was no disk cache present.
```

> * Fixed the race condition in iOS networking. The race condition caused a rare crash during concurrent access to `urlSessions` in `createTaskWithProxy:andId:` method inside `OLPHttpClient.mm`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fixed the race condition in iOS networking. The race condition caused a rare crash during concurrent access to `urlSessions` in the `createTaskWithProxy:andId:`  method inside `OLPHttpClient.mm`.
```

* Extended the `olp::client::DefaultRetryCondition` to consider `IO_ERROR`, `OFFLINE_ERROR`, `TIMEOUT_ERROR`, `NETWORK_OVERLOAD_ERROR` errors returned by the network layer upon send as retriable.
* Changed the size estimation routine for the mutable cache. In a scenario when the `max_disk_storage` is not set, we get the cache size from `leveldb::DB::GetApproximateSize` instead of traversing the whole database.
* Fixed the cache opening sequence. Now, when the mutable cache fails to open - the error is returned.
* Added handling of the `NSURLErrorDataNotAllowed` error on iOS as `OFFLINE_ERROR`.
* Added handling of the `NSURLErrorNetworkConnectionLost` error on iOS as `IO_ERROR`.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

* Fixed the usage of the same nonce for authentication retry requests. Now, all authentication requests generate a new unique nonce.
* **Work In Progress** Added the `SignInApple` API. Use it to sign in to the HERE platform with Apple ID.

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

* Reduced quadtree index requests in the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` APIs.

> * Added a merging for the exact concurrent quadtree index requests in the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` APIs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Added merging for the exact concurrent quadtree index requests in the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` APIs.
```

* Added a new API to `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::Protect` and `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::Release` for partitions. It works the same way as the API for tiles.

> * Added `olp::dataservice::read::repository::NamedMutexStorage` class. this class is designed to store `olp::dataservice::read::repository::NamedMutex` instances; by this, we eliminate global static variables.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Added the `olp::dataservice::read::repository::NamedMutexStorage` class. It is designed to store `olp::dataservice::read::repository::NamedMutex` instances. It helps to eliminate global static variables.
```

> * Added the `olp::client::ErrorCode::CacheIO` error. The error occurs when the cache fails to store the download data, implemented only for `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient::PrefetchPartitions` APIs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Added the `olp::client::ErrorCode::CacheIO` error. The error occurs when the cache fails to store the download data. It is implemented only for the `olp::dataservice::read::VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles` and `olp::dataservice::read::VolatileLayerClient::PrefetchPartitions` APIs.
```
